Improve setup docs and add CLI docs (#44)
elastic/crawler: README.md

# Elastic Open Web Crawler

This repository contains code for the Elastic Open Web Crawler.
The crawler enables users to easily ingest web content into Elasticsearch.

⚠️ _The Open Crawler is currently in **tech-preview**_.
Tech-preview features are subject to change and are not covered by the support SLA of generally available (GA) features.
Elastic plans to promote this feature to GA in a future release.

_Open Crawler `v0.1` is confirmed to be compatible with Elasticsearch `v8.13.0` and above._

> ### How it works

Reviewer: Thanks for expanding this section, I think it's logical to group into execution logic and user workflow using suggested subheadings. Reads much clearer now 👍.

Crawler runs crawl jobs on command based on config files in the `config` directory.
Each URL endpoint found during the crawl will result in one document to be indexed into Elasticsearch.

Crawler performs crawl jobs in a multithreaded environment, where one thread will be used to visit one URL endpoint.
The crawl results from these are added to a pool of results.
These are indexed into Elasticsearch using the `_bulk` API once the pool reaches a configurable threshold.

> The full process required from setup to indexing requires;

Reviewer: Also consider putting user workflow section _before_ execution logic section

  There are instructions for setting up these env managers here:

  - [Official documentation for installing jenv](https://www.jenv.be/)
  - [Official documentation for installing rbenv](https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv?tab=readme-ov-file#installation)

  1. Clone the repository
  2. Go to the root of the Crawler directory and check the expected Java and Ruby versions are being used:
      ```bash
      # should output the same version as `.ruby-version`
      $ ruby --version

      # should output the same version as `.java-version`
      $ java --version
      ```

  3. If the versions seem correct, you can install dependencies:
      ```bash
      $ make install
      ```

     You can also use the env variable `CRAWLER_MANAGE_ENV` to have the install script automatically check whether `rbenv` and `jenv` are installed, and that the correct versions are running on both:
     Doing this requires that you use both `rbenv` and `jenv` in your local setup.

      ```bash
      $ CRAWLER_MANAGE_ENV=true make install
      ```
</details>

### Configuring Crawlers

See [CONFIG.md](docs/CONFIG.md) for in-depth details on Crawler configuration files.

### CLI Commands

> Open Crawler has no UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open Crawler does not have a graphical user interface.
```

> All interactions with Crawler take place through the CLI.

Reviewer: general remark: I'd be consistent in usage of Open Crawler for the tool's name. Can use "a crawler" to refer to a specific instance.

When given a command, Crawler will run until the process is finished.
Crawler is not kept alive in any way between commands.

See [CLI.md](docs/CLI.md) for a full list of CLI commands available for Crawler.

> ### Connecting to Elasticsearch

Reviewer: I still don't like that this sits at the end of the page feels out of place here. I think we should consider this part of the prerequisites/setup for the default path of writing to Elasticsearch.

Author: Gah I knew I was forgetting something

# Elastic Open Web Crawler

This repository contains code for the Elastic Open Web Crawler.
Open Crawler enables users to easily ingest web content into Elasticsearch.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> _The Open Crawler is currently in **tech-preview**_.
Tech-preview features are subject to change and are not covered by the support SLA of generally available (GA) features.
Elastic plans to promote this feature to GA in a future release.

_Open Crawler `v0.1` is confirmed to be compatible with Elasticsearch `v8.13.0` and above._

### User workflow

> The full process from setup to indexing requires:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indexing web content with the Open Crawler requires:
```

This repository contains code for the Elastic Open Web Crawler.

> This is a tool to allow users to easily ingest content into Elasticsearch from the web.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The crawler enables users to easily ingest web content into Elasticsearch.
```

nit for concision

⚠️ _The Open Crawler is currently in **tech-preview**_.
Tech-preview features are subject to change and are not covered by the support SLA of generally available (GA) features.
Elastic plans to promote this feature to GA in a future release.

> ℹ️ The Open Crawler requires a running instance of Elasticsearch to index documents into.

Reviewer: Let's make this a prerequisite with its own heading.

> If you don't have this set up yet, check out the [quickstart guide for Elasticsearch](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/master/quickstart.html) to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have this set up yet, check out the [quickstart guide for Elasticsearch](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/master/quickstart.html) to get started.
```

We'll want to suggest Cloud trial first and alternatively quickstart for quick-and-dirty self-managed Docker option without security

_Open Crawler `v0.1` is confirmed to be compatible with Elasticsearch `v8.13.0` and above._

> ## How it works

Reviewer: `Side note`

I would rework this into a super high-level summary of the user actions required to get setup and launch crawl. Something like this:

- Have a running Elasticsearch instance
- Run crawler service
- Configure yaml file
- Launch crawl

Also _The crawl results can be output in 3 different modes:_ kind of confuses me and raises the question "Do I actually need to have Elasticsearch running?"

Author: > "Do I actually need to have Elasticsearch running?"

You don't technically. You can run crawler to output to file and it will never interact with Elasticsearch.

Author: > I would rework this into a super high-level summary of the user actions required to get setup and launch crawl

I feel like this is covered in "Setup". I've addressed the other comments, do you still think this section should be rearranged with the latest changes?

Reviewer: For me "How it works" should summarize all the actions I as a user have to take to get this working. Otherwise, I have to infer the overall workflow by scanning the subheadings.

I don't think the current _how it works_ info is complete and most of the info is a list of the output options.

> Crawler runs crawl jobs on command based on config files in the config directory. 1 URL endpoint on a site will correlate with 1 result output.

I'd prefer to know how the whole process works first, or at least make this more active and direct from the user perspective

Reviewer: > "Do I actually need to have Elasticsearch running?"
You don't technically. You can run crawler to output to file and it will never interact with Elasticsearch.

Right but I think the default path for us here should be to write to Elasticsearch and mention elsewhere that you can output to file or print to terminal.

Otherwise we're putting the "connecting to Elasticsearch" instructions last despite these being a prerequisite for the default path.

Author: Fair enough, I've expanded that section and removed mention of other output types (users can figure that out from reading the configuration file documentation anyway)

### Setup

> In order to index crawl results into an Elasticsearch instance, you must first have one up and running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to index crawl results into an Elasticsearch instance, you must first have one up and running.
```

This sentence is a little confusing, does "one" refer to Elasticsearch here. If yes, then consider calling this a prerequisite. 

I would also consider making **Connecting to Elasticsearch** part of the integrated overall setup flow, rather than appending it to end of page.

Reviewer: (after reading further if we have a prerequisites section saying need running Elasticsearch instance then we could safely drop this)

#### Running from Docker

Crawler has a Dockerfile that can be built and run locally.

1. Clone the repository
2. Build the image `docker build -t crawler-image .`
3. Run the container `docker run -i -d --name crawler crawler-image`
   - `-i` allows the container to stay alive so CLI commands can be executed inside it
   - `-d` allows the container to run "detached" so you don't have to dedicate a terminal window to it
4. Confirm that Crawler commands are working `docker exec -it crawler bin/crawler version`

> 5. Execute other CLI commands from outside of the container by prepending `docker exec -it crawler <command>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Execute other CLI commands from outside of the container by prepending `docker exec -it crawler <command>`
```

nit:consistency

   - See [Crawling content](#crawling-content) for examples.

> #### Running from source

Reviewer: suggestion: As Docker is recommended option, we could clear up real estate on this page by [collapsing](https://gist.github.com/pierrejoubert73/902cc94d79424356a8d20be2b382e1ab) the Running from source instructions

See [CONFIG.md](docs/CONFIG.md) for in-depth details on Crawler configuration files.

> ### CLI Commands

Reviewer: We should make it abundantly clear early on (perhaps in the How it works section) that the user controls the crawler using a command line interface.
